sfe updates (#146)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/sync-for-expenses/sync-process/uploading-receipts.md

---
title: "Uploading receipts"
description: "Upload receipts for complete auditability"
---

# Upload Receipts

> Adding a receipt to the transaction can be done after the sync, different accounting software supports different file formats and sizes so its best to check [here](/accounting-api#/attachments#options-for-pushing-attachments-to-the-accounting-platform) for the supported options.

Reviewer: this API link for format and size info does not lead anywhere - please check

Author: see this commit for the updates https://github.com/codatio/codat-docs/pull/146/commits/e7a3d9d9c24cef6620435f0bc99c093b6bd7bd5d

> Adding a receipt to the transaction can be done after the sync, different accounting software supports different file formats and sizes so its best to check [here](/accounting-api#/attachments#options-for-pushing-attachments-to-the-accounting-platform) for the supported options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a receipt to the transaction can be done after the sync, different accounting software supports different file formats and sizes, so it is best to check [here](/accounting-api#/attachments#options-for-pushing-attachments-to-the-accounting-platform) for the supported options.
```
